README.md, before:

# <div align="center">Mental Health Awareness Organization Website</div>

[View the live project here.](https://madyark.github.io/MS1-project/ "MHA Organization website")

This is the website of the Mental Health Awareness Organization. It is designed to be responsive on a variety of devices and accessible from different web browsers, providing ease-of-use to 
potential viewers who wish to learn about mental health, help themselves in their mental struggles, help others who face mental struggles, or support campaigns promoting mental health 
awareness.

The goal for this project was to create a single website where users with different needs can retrieve information on mental health without having to sift through multiple webpages. 

Right now, it is difficult to find a single platform that offers educational value for people who have never faced or even heard about these issues and at the same time offers practical help for the ones who have a great deal of experience 
with such problems and are looking for ways on resolving them. 

Since mental health issues are exceptionally prevalent in modern society, and since stigma leaves the victims of mental illnesses belittled, misinformed, and uneducated, we attempted to create a website within which users can access resources 
to educate themselves, help themselves, help others, and spread awareness on mental health.  

On our website, users can easily navigate across different pages to find the information that they are looking for depending on their interests within the area of mental health and mental health awareness.

# ![The look of the Mental Health Organization Website on different devices showcasing its responsiveness](assets/readme-media/website-responsiveness.PNG) 

## User Experience (UX)

- ### User Stories

    - #### Visitor with No Prior Mental Health Knowledge \- Goals

        1. I want to learn more on mental health and its ramifications upon the general population.

        2. I want to read some of the stories of people who suffer from mental health problems to further my understanding of its effect on people's daily lives.

        3. I want to easily navigate around the website to find different bits of information on mental health.

    - #### Visitor with Mental Health Problems \- Goals

        1. I want to learn about the different lifestyle changes I can make to help improve my personal mental wellbeing.

        2. I want to find out what immediate actions I can take to help cope with specific mental disorders such as depression, anxiety, and PTSD.

        3. I want to have knowledge of the specific links, emails, telephone numbers, and other suicide hotline resources in various countries that are available to me.

        4. I want to be able to access informative videos and articles on mental health to help myself feel better, less-isolated, and inspired whenever I am feeling down and facing inner adversity. 

        5. I want to discover links to external apps and other organizations that can be more oriented to my needs and provide further guidance on how to treat my problems.   

    - #### Visitor with Desires to Help Someone with Mental Health Problems \- Goals

        1. I want to have the knowledge on how to help somebody I know in their mental health struggles.

        2. I want to understand the ways I can help somebody I do not know with their mental health problems.

        3. I want to be re-affirmed in my quest to support people with mental health problems by a motivating message, despite my potential frustrations or reservedness. 

    - #### Visitor with Aspirations to Bring Awareness to Mental Health Issues \- Goals

        1. I want to find out why talking about mental health in my sphere of influence is important.

        2. I want to discover the specific ways I can help combat mental health stigma within my community.

        3. I want to learn about what World Mental Health Day is, what is its purpose, how will it help bring awareness to mental health issues, and why should I participate in it.

        4. I want to gain insight into what Suicide Prevention Week is, what I can do to push against the stigma associated with suicide, and how can I help educate the people around me on suicide-prevention.

        5. I want to have access to an online shop where I can purchase clothes with inspirational messages on them that spread awareness on mental health and whose share of profits is donated to a non-profit organization. 

    - #### Administrator of the Website \- Goals

        1. I want to provide an external link to the official WHO Covid-19 website to direct visitors who may be in need of the latest information and tools pertaining to Covid-19 when living in these unique times. 

        2. I want to add a mock-up of the sign-up page, the sign-in page, and the newsletter-subscription utility to make the website look more authentic and to have them be on stand-by for when I will be able to develop them into functioning tools. 

        3. I want to create the Privacy Notice and Terms-of-Service texts to make the website look more authentic and to have them be on stand-by for when the website gains enough traction to add them in as links. 

        4. I want to have links to the home-pages of different social media websites in the footer to have them on stand-by for when I will create accounts on their platforms to raise public attention on our organization and our mission. 

- ### Design

    - #### Color Scheme

        1. The three main colors used are dark-orange, white, and black. They were used interchangeably as background and foreground colors. 

        2. An orange-red color was used for hovering on active navigation menu elements to provide a more enjoyable user experience.

        3. A dark-blue color was used for displaying links in the 'International Suicide Hotline Numbers' section of the 'Help Yourself' page to draw attention to the user by having a conventional appearance of a web-link.

        4. A light-blue color was used underneath the 'External Links' section of the 'Help Yourself' page to convey greater emphasis on the links.

        5. A gray color was used as the background-color for the 'Mental Health Awareness Newsletter' and 'Mental Health Emergency' sections of the 'Home' page to create a contrast between this section and the section that precedes it. 

    - #### Typography

        1. The Lato font is the main font used throughout the website with Sans-Serif set as the fallback font if for any reason the Lato font does not render correctly. Lato is considered to be a very professional font that is 
        suitable for both titles and body text.

    - #### Images, Videos, and Other Forms of Media

        1. The images used in this website are always in the foreground, without any text interfering with their appearance. Most of the images have rounded corners to provide them with greater aesthetic appearances. 
        
            The images ensure that the viewer gets a pleasurable experience when scrolling through page contents, rather than having to sift through large pieces of text. They also allow the viewer to gain perspective into what is 
            the context behind different pieces of text. 
        
             All of the images are responsive. 

        2. The videos used in this website solely appear in the 'Help Yourself' page of the website. They also have rounded corners for greater aesthetic appearances. 
        
            The videos are inserted as iframe elements of youtube links, and they allow the viewer to decide when to press play and when to press stop. Autoplay is turned off as the website allows the viewer to initiate and control such actions.
            
            All of the videos are responsive. 

        3. An article appears in the 'Help Yourself' page of the website. It also has rounded corners and is also inserted as an iframe element. 
        
            The article is hidden on mobile and tablet devices as the small device screen size makes the iframe difficult to operate. 
            
            The article is responsive.   

- ### Wireframe

    - Full Wireframe \- [View](wireframes/MS1-wireframes.pdf)

## Features

### Existing Features

- Responsiveness on all device sizes. The website is specifically configured for mobile devices, tablets, laptops, and large desktops. 

- Link to the official World Health Organization Covid-19 Information page, where users can access the latest Covid-19 data, advice, and other resources for guidance.

    ![Gif showing how a user can open the WHO Covid-19 Information page from out website](assets/readme-media/covid-resources.gif)

- A responsive navigation bar at the top of every page which contains the links to all pages including the home page through a logo with our organization name. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the navigation bar on a large desktop screen](assets/readme-media/navbar-desktop.gif)



    ![Gif showing the use of the navigation bar on a screen with a smaller width](assets/readme-media/navbar-small-screen.gif)

- A responsive footer at the bottom of every page containing a copyright text, an American flag indicating the organization's country-of-origin, language the website is written in, 'Privacy Notice' and 'Terms of Service' texts, and links 
    to the Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram home pages.

    ![Gif showing the use of the social media links inside of the footer](assets/readme-media/footer-links.gif)

- A featured introduction consisting of four large headers in the 'Home' page, three of which are hoverable links to supplemental pages that change their color from black to orange when hovered upon. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the featured introduction headers as links to direct to supplemental website pages](assets/readme-media/home-featured-intro.gif)

- A 'Get Started' button that appears on multiple pages and provides a direct link to the 'Sign Up' page. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the 'Get Started' button that links to the 'Sign Up' page and appears on the 'Home' and 'Educate Yourself' pages](assets/readme-media/get-started-button.gif)

- A 'Start Spreading Awareness' link that also appears on multiple pages (often times in conjunction with the 'Get Started' button) and provides a link to the 'Spread the Word' page.

    ![Gif showing the use of the 'Start Spreading Awareness' link that links to the 'Spread the Word' page and appears on the 'Home' and 'Educate Yourself' pages](assets/readme-media/start-spreading-awareness-link.gif)

- A scrollable `<div>` element inside of the 'Help Yourself Suicide Hotlines' section of the 'Help Yourself' page that contains suicide-hotline resources (email addresses, webpage links, telephone numbers) for various countries around the world.

    ![Gif showing the use of the scrollable div element inside of the 'Help Yourself Suicide Hotlines' section](assets/readme-media/suicide-hotlines.gif)

- Four `<iframe>` elements of youtube videos and an article from the 'Scientific American' in the 'Help Yourself Resources' section of the 'Help Yourself' page.

    ![Gif showing the use of the iframe elements inside inside of the 'Help Yourself Resources' section](assets/readme-media/iframe-elements.gif)

- External links to outside resources (mainly websites and mobile applications) in the 'Help Yourself Resources' section of the 'Help Yourself' page that give the users the opportunity to find support that may be more tailored to their needs.

    ![Gif showing the use of the external links in the 'Help Yourself Resources' section that link to outside resources (mainly websites and mobile applications)](assets/readme-media/external-links.gif)

- A link to an external shopping page (Self Care is for Everyone) and images of four different articles of clothing (which are also clickable links) in the 'Shop' section of the 'Spread the Word' page. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the various links to the external shopping page inside of the 'Shop' section](assets/readme-media/shop-clothes.gif)

### Features Left to Implement

- Functioning sign-up and sign-in utilities that would allow users to have access to a virtual community where they could recount personal experiences, share uplifting messages, organize events, and potentially give donations to non-profit 
    organizations.

    ![Gif showing the effect of the use of the current sign-in and sign-up utlities in the 'Sign In' and 'Sign Up' pages, respectively](assets/readme-media/sign-in-sign-up.gif)

- A functioning monthly newsletter in which participants would be able to receive offical news from our organization, our community events, support articles, tips from industry professionals, and other forms of support from our organization.

    ![Gif showing the effect of the use of the current newsletter sign-up utility of the 'Mental Health Newsletter Home' section](assets/readme-media/newsletter.gif)

- Official Mental Health Awareness Organization social media accounts on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram in which we can share our events, inspirational messages, and spread awareness on our mission of encouraging mental health care.

- 'Privacy Notice' and 'Terms of Service' documents which our users can read and agree to before signing up to our platform and agreeing to share their personal data with our organization. 

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

1. [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)

2. [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)

### Frameworks, Libraries, & Programs Used

1. [Bootstrap 4.5.3:](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/)

    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the navigation bar and its responsiveness on all pages.

2. [Google Fonts:](https://fonts.google.com/)

    - Google Fonts was used to download the 'Lato' font, which was the only font used on all pages.

3. [Font Awesome:](https://fontawesome.com/)

    - Font Awesome was used to download icons for aesthetic purposes and UX. Font Awesome icons were used in the header, footer, and all of the textual-links on all pages.

    - The HTML for the Font Awesome icons had to use `<i class="fa">` instead of `<i class="fas">` for all icons. The icons would not display themselves when using `<i class="fas">` since Font Awesome version 4 kit was downloaded, not version 5.

4. [Git:](https://git-scm.com/)

    - Git was used for version control through the use of the Gitpod terminal to commit the changed code to Git and push it to Github.

    - Git was especially useful for accessing the code that was previously (intentionally or unintentionally) removed or modified and for adding it back in its original form to the HTML or CSS files.  

5. [Github:](https://github.com/)

    - Github was used for storing the code of the website and accessing it later for future alterations.

    - Github Pages were used to deploy the project, to access the project from various devices, and to share it with friends and family members. 

6. [Gitpod:](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/)

    - Gitpod was used to write all of the code, commit and push changes in the terminal, upload files, create the directory structure of the website, and to write the README.md file.

7. [Favicon:](http://www.prodraw.net/favicon/index.php)

    - Prodraw.net was used to create the favicon which appears on the webpage tab on some browsers. 
    
    - The image used is the [logo of the organization](assets/images/hugging.png), which appears at the very left of the navigation bar on every page. 

8. [Wireframe.cc:](https://wireframe.cc/)

    - Wireframe.cc was used to create the [wireframe](wireframes/MS1-wireframes.pdf) for this project. 

    - Wireframe.cc offered a free-trial that unfortunately ended before all of the wireframe pages had been developed. 
        
        Therefore, the wireframe stops in the middle of the 'Spread the Word' page and lacks content for the 'Sign In' and 'Sign Up' pages. There is also no content for the mobile and tablet responsiveness. 

    - The wireframe created is very high-fidelity, meaning it incorporates high levels of detail. 
    
        This has slowed down the process of drafting the wireframes, but also allowed for a quicker development process as the textual content was simply copy-pasted from the wireframes into the HTML.

        This, in turn, led to a greater prioritization of the HTML page structure, CSS stylings, and the media that was to be hand-picked and used throughout the website. 

## Testing

## Development Process

## Deployment

## Credits

- ### W3C Validators

The main priorities for this website were ease-of-access and ease-of-use for different potential viewers. Consistent front-end design was used throughout the entirety of the site, including the same font for different web browsers and 
devices, interchangeable colors for the background and foreground, uniform font-sizes, margins, and paddings for different elements, and easy-to-read layouts with supporting headers, images, links, and even videos and articles to create 
an enjoyable and straightforward user experience. We found simplicity to be the key in providing a well-structured layout that has great responsivity on different devices.

Commit message:

update the testing section in the README.md file and correct grammatical mistakes in the README.md file

README.md, after:

# <div align="center">Mental Health Awareness Organization Website</div>

[View the live project here.](https://madyark.github.io/MS1-project/ "MHA Organization website")

This is the website of the Mental Health Awareness Organization. It is designed to be responsive on a variety of devices and accessible from different web browsers, providing ease-of-use to 
potential viewers who wish to learn about mental health, help themselves in their mental struggles, help others who face mental struggles, or support campaigns promoting mental health 
awareness.

The goal for this project was to create a single website where users with different needs can retrieve information on mental health without having to sift through multiple webpages. 

Right now, it is difficult to find a single platform that offers educational value for people who have never faced or even heard about these issues and at the same time offers practical help for the ones who have a great deal of experience 
with such problems and are looking for ways on resolving them. 

Since mental health issues are exceptionally prevalent in modern society, and since stigma leaves the victims of mental illnesses belittled, misinformed, and uneducated, we attempted to create a website within which users can access resources 
to educate themselves, help themselves, help others, and spread awareness on mental health.  

On our website, users can easily navigate across different pages to find the information that they are looking for depending on their interests within the area of mental health and mental health awareness.

# ![The look of the Mental Health Organization Website on different devices showcasing its responsiveness](assets/readme-media/website-responsiveness.PNG) 

## User Experience (UX)

- ### User Stories

    - #### Visitor with No Prior Mental Health Knowledge \- Goals

        1. I want to learn more on mental health and its ramifications upon the general population.

        2. I want to read some of the stories of people who suffer from mental health problems to further my understanding of its effect on people's daily lives.

        3. I want to easily navigate around the website to find different bits of information on mental health.

    - #### Visitor with Mental Health Problems \- Goals

        1. I want to learn about the different lifestyle changes I can make to help improve my personal mental wellbeing.

        2. I want to find out what immediate actions I can take to help cope with specific mental disorders such as depression, anxiety, and PTSD.

        3. I want to have knowledge of the specific links, emails, telephone numbers, and other suicide hotline resources in various countries that are available to me.

        4. I want to be able to access informative videos and articles on mental health to help myself feel better, less-isolated, and inspired whenever I am feeling down and facing inner adversity. 

        5. I want to discover links to external apps and other organizations that can be more oriented to my needs and provide further guidance on how to treat my problems.   

    - #### Visitor with Desires to Help Someone with Mental Health Problems \- Goals

        1. I want to have the knowledge on how to help somebody I know in their mental health struggles.

        2. I want to understand the ways I can help somebody I do not know with their mental health problems.

        3. I want to be re-affirmed in my quest to support people with mental health problems by a motivating message, despite my potential frustrations or reservedness. 

    - #### Visitor with Aspirations to Bring Awareness to Mental Health Issues \- Goals

        1. I want to find out why talking about mental health in my sphere of influence is important.

        2. I want to discover the specific ways I can help combat mental health stigma within my community.

        3. I want to learn about what World Mental Health Day is, what is its purpose, how will it help bring awareness to mental health issues, and why should I participate in it.

        4. I want to gain insight into what Suicide Prevention Week is, what I can do to push against the stigma associated with suicide, and how can I help educate the people around me on suicide-prevention.

        5. I want to have access to an online shop where I can purchase clothes with inspirational messages on them that spread awareness on mental health and whose share of profits is donated to a non-profit organization. 

    - #### Administrator of the Website \- Goals

        1. I want to provide an external link to the official WHO Covid-19 website to direct visitors who may be in need of the latest information and tools pertaining to Covid-19 when living in these unique times. 

        2. I want to add a mock-up of the sign-up page, the sign-in page, and the newsletter-subscription utility to make the website look more authentic and to have them be on stand-by for when I will be able to develop them into functioning tools. 

        3. I want to create the Privacy Notice and Terms-of-Service texts to make the website look more authentic and to have them be on stand-by for when the website gains enough traction to add them in as links. 

        4. I want to have links to the home-pages of different social media websites in the footer to have them on stand-by for when I will create accounts on their platforms to raise public attention on our organization and our mission. 

- ### Design

    - #### Color Scheme

        1. The three main colors used are dark-orange, white, and black. They were used interchangeably as background and foreground colors. 

        2. An orange-red color was used for hovering on active navigation menu elements to provide a more enjoyable user experience.

        3. A dark-blue color was used for displaying links in the 'International Suicide Hotline Numbers' section of the 'Help Yourself' page to draw attention to the user by having a conventional appearance of a web-link.

        4. A light-blue color was used underneath the 'External Links' section of the 'Help Yourself' page to convey greater emphasis on the links.

        5. A gray color was used as the background-color for the 'Mental Health Awareness Newsletter' and 'Mental Health Emergency' sections of the 'Home' page to create a contrast between these sections and the sections that precede them. 

    - #### Typography

        1. The Lato font is the main font used throughout the website with Sans-Serif set as the fallback font if for any reason the Lato font does not render correctly. Lato is considered to be a very professional font that is 
        suitable for both titles and body text.

    - #### Images, Videos, and Other Forms of Media

        1. The images used in this website are always in the foreground, without any text interfering with their appearance. Most of the images have rounded corners to provide them with greater aesthetic appearances. 
        
            The images ensure that the viewer gets a pleasurable experience when scrolling through page contents, rather than having to sift through large pieces of text. They also allow the viewer to gain perspective into what is 
            the context behind different pieces of text. 
        
             All of the images are responsive. 

        2. The videos used in this website solely appear in the 'Help Yourself' page of the website. They also have rounded corners for greater aesthetic appearances. 
        
            The videos are inserted as iframe elements of youtube links, and they allow the viewer to decide when to press play and when to press stop. Autoplay is turned off as the website allows the viewer to initiate and control such actions.
            
            All of the videos are responsive. 

        3. An article appears in the 'Help Yourself' page of the website. It also has rounded corners and is also inserted as an iframe element. 
        
            The article is hidden on mobile and tablet devices as the small device screen size makes the iframe difficult to operate. 
            
            The article is responsive.   

- ### Wireframe

    - Full Wireframe \- [View](wireframes/MS1-wireframes.pdf)

## Features

### Existing Features

- Responsiveness on all device sizes. The website is specifically configured for mobile devices, tablets, laptops, and large desktops. 

- Link to the official World Health Organization Covid-19 Information page, where users can access the latest Covid-19 data, advice, and other resources for guidance.

    ![Gif showing how a user can open the WHO Covid-19 Information page from out website](assets/readme-media/covid-resources.gif)

- A responsive navigation bar at the top of every page which contains the links to all pages including the home page through a logo with our organization name. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the navigation bar on a large desktop screen](assets/readme-media/navbar-desktop.gif)



    ![Gif showing the use of the navigation bar on a screen with a smaller width](assets/readme-media/navbar-small-screen.gif)

- A responsive footer at the bottom of every page containing a copyright text, an American flag indicating the organization's country-of-origin, language the website is written in, 'Privacy Notice' and 'Terms of Service' texts, and links 
    to the Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram home pages.

    ![Gif showing the use of the social media links inside of the footer](assets/readme-media/footer-links.gif)

- A featured introduction consisting of four large headers in the 'Home' page, three of which are hoverable links to supplemental pages that change their color from black to orange when hovered upon. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the featured introduction headers as links to direct to supplemental website pages](assets/readme-media/home-featured-intro.gif)

- A 'Get Started' button that appears on multiple pages and provides a direct link to the 'Sign Up' page. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the 'Get Started' button that links to the 'Sign Up' page and appears on the 'Home' and 'Educate Yourself' pages](assets/readme-media/get-started-button.gif)

- A 'Start Spreading Awareness' link that also appears on multiple pages (often times in conjunction with the 'Get Started' button) and provides a link to the 'Spread the Word' page.

    ![Gif showing the use of the 'Start Spreading Awareness' link that links to the 'Spread the Word' page and appears on the 'Home' and 'Educate Yourself' pages](assets/readme-media/start-spreading-awareness-link.gif)

- A scrollable `<div>` element inside of the 'Help Yourself Suicide Hotlines' section of the 'Help Yourself' page that contains suicide-hotline resources (email addresses, webpage links, telephone numbers) for various countries around the world.

    ![Gif showing the use of the scrollable div element inside of the 'Help Yourself Suicide Hotlines' section](assets/readme-media/suicide-hotlines.gif)

- Four `<iframe>` elements of youtube videos and an article from the 'Scientific American' in the 'Help Yourself Resources' section of the 'Help Yourself' page.

    ![Gif showing the use of the iframe elements inside inside of the 'Help Yourself Resources' section](assets/readme-media/iframe-elements.gif)

- External links to outside resources (mainly websites and mobile applications) in the 'Help Yourself Resources' section of the 'Help Yourself' page that give the users the opportunity to find support that may be more tailored to their needs.

    ![Gif showing the use of the external links in the 'Help Yourself Resources' section that link to outside resources (mainly websites and mobile applications)](assets/readme-media/external-links.gif)

- A link to an external shopping page (Self Care is for Everyone) and images of four different articles of clothing (which are also clickable links) in the 'Shop' section of the 'Spread the Word' page. 

    ![Gif showing the use of the various links to the external shopping page inside of the 'Shop' section](assets/readme-media/shop-clothes.gif)

### Features Left to Implement

- Functioning sign-up and sign-in utilities that would allow users to have access to a virtual community where they could recount personal experiences, share uplifting messages, organize events, and potentially give donations to non-profit 
    organizations.

    ![Gif showing the effect of the use of the current sign-in and sign-up utlities in the 'Sign In' and 'Sign Up' pages, respectively](assets/readme-media/sign-in-sign-up.gif)

- A functioning monthly newsletter in which participants would be able to receive offical news from our organization, our community events, support articles, tips from industry professionals, and other forms of support from our organization.

    ![Gif showing the effect of the use of the current newsletter sign-up utility of the 'Mental Health Newsletter Home' section](assets/readme-media/newsletter.gif)

- Official Mental Health Awareness Organization social media accounts on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram in which we can share our events, inspirational messages, and spread awareness on our mission of encouraging mental health care.

- 'Privacy Notice' and 'Terms of Service' documents which our users can read and agree to before signing up to our platform and agreeing to share their personal data with our organization. 

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

1. [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)

2. [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)

### Frameworks, Libraries, & Programs Used

1. [Bootstrap 4.5.3:](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/getting-started/introduction/)

    - Bootstrap was used to assist with the navigation bar and its responsiveness on all pages.

2. [Google Fonts:](https://fonts.google.com/)

    - Google Fonts was used to download the 'Lato' font, which was the only font used on all pages.

3. [Font Awesome:](https://fontawesome.com/)

    - Font Awesome was used to download icons for aesthetic purposes and UX. Font Awesome icons were used in the header, footer, and all of the textual-links on all pages.

    - The HTML for all of the Font Awesome icons had to use `<i class="fa">` instead of `<i class="fas">`. The icons would not display themselves when using `<i class="fas">` since Font Awesome version 4 kit was downloaded, not version 5.

4. [Git:](https://git-scm.com/)

    - Git was used for version control through the use of the Gitpod terminal to commit the changed code to Git and push it to Github.

    - Git was especially useful for accessing the code that was previously (intentionally or unintentionally) removed or modified and for adding it back in its original form to the HTML or CSS files.  

5. [Github:](https://github.com/)

    - Github was used for storing the code of the website and accessing it later for future alterations.

    - Github Pages were used to deploy the project, to access the project from various devices, and to share it with friends and family members. 

6. [Gitpod:](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/)

    - Gitpod was used to write all of the code, commit and push changes in the terminal, upload files, create the directory structure of the website, and to write the README.md file.

7. [Favicon:](http://www.prodraw.net/favicon/index.php)

    - Prodraw.net was used to create the favicon which appears on the webpage tab on some browsers. 
    
    - The image used is the [logo of the organization](assets/images/hugging.png), which appears at the very left of the navigation bar on every page. 

8. [Wireframe.cc:](https://wireframe.cc/)

    - Wireframe.cc was used to create the [wireframe](wireframes/MS1-wireframes.pdf) for this project. 

    - Wireframe.cc offered a free-trial that unfortunately ended before all of the wireframe pages had been developed. 
        
        Therefore, the wireframe stops in the middle of the 'Spread the Word' page and lacks content for the 'Sign In' and 'Sign Up' pages. There is also no content for the mobile and tablet responsiveness. 

    - The wireframe created is very high-fidelity, meaning it incorporates high levels of detail. 
    
        This has slowed down the process of drafting the wireframes, but also allowed for a quicker development process as the textual content was simply copy-pasted from the wireframes into the HTML.

        This, in turn, led to a greater prioritization of the HTML page structure, CSS stylings, and the media that was to be hand-picked and used throughout the website. 

## Testing

The W3C Markup Validation Service and the W3C CSS Validation Service were used to validate all of the HTML files and the CSS file, respectively, to ensure that all of the codes used were appropriate and had the correct syntax.

- [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)

- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) 

## Development Process

## Deployment

## Credits

- ### W3C Validators

The main priorities for this website were ease-of-access and ease-of-use for different potential viewers. Consistent front-end design was used throughout the entirety of the site, including the same font for different web browsers and 
devices, interchangeable colors for the background and foreground, uniform font-sizes, margins, and paddings for different elements, and easy-to-read layouts with supporting headers, images, links, and even videos and articles to create 
an enjoyable and straightforward user experience. We found simplicity to be the key in providing a well-structured layout that has great responsivity on different devices.
